Create a new file containing only german verbs with their translation, using pandas and looking for german words which end with "-en"

List of features to implement:

1. New Welcome page:
    1. The page shall contain two buttons: one for the translation game and the other for the paradigm game
    2. According to the button clicked, a window shall open according to the selected mode
2. New Window to be created for the Paradigm game
    1. It shall contain 4 entries: one for the present, one for the präteritum, one for the perfekt 2, one for the translation of the word
    2. The Window shall display only one of the four fields (chosen randomly) and the user will have to fill out the remaining one
    3. The window need to have a button to check each entry
    4. The score has to be updated accordingly, it will keep track of the score for each field
3. New Window for the results related to the previous window shall be created
    1. It shall display the results based on the total attempts that you did
    2. It shall display the summary of each question with a table
	3. In the table the wrong entries have to be highlighted in red, the one provided randomly by the game in white, and the correct ones in green
	4. The table has to display also all the correct entries stored in the database
	5. TBC: if the buttons "Play again" and "Quit" can fit in the same window or they need another one
FATTO   4. The logic to pick more often the words that were guessed less times, you need to use the function numpy.random.choice(list_of_elements, list_of_choices, p=list_of_weights, replace=False)
	1. Create a new list with list comprehension using the conosc values using the inverse function and reversing their value so that a less guessed word will hava a higher chance of getting picked 
	2. Normalize the new list to 1 in order to make it meaningful
	3. Use the function to pick ten rows
FATTO   5. The function to connect to the give_me_a_hint button
FATTO   6. Add the partial score and total score labels to the summary window
7. Change the database from a csv to a SQLlite database
FATTO   8 Hovering and pressed "animation" to the buttons:
	1. QPushButton:hover {
		background-color: lightblue;
	}
    2. QPushButton:pressed {
		background-color: blue;
	}
9. Look for a nice color palette to use for my gui (Color hunt)
10. Add animation and transition when changing window
FATTO   11. Add a combobox to select the special character to add to the entry and an "Add" button to each mode so that you do not have to use a special combination of keys
12. Fix the size, the shape, and so on of all the items included in the windows
FATTO   13. Add the exception to handle the indexerror that occurs when it tries to access the wrong index in the questions vector
FATTO   14. Turn off the label when the go to summary button is displayed and check if the number of times that the button is pressed is correct
FATTO   15. Solve the issue related to the fact that the buttons now are white on the widget (the widgets are now uncoupled from the buttons)